welcome to Starkey floors my name is
Jesse gene today we're going to take a
close look at the 2011 Ford Edge Sport
this vehicle has a v6 under the hood 3.7
liter with 305 horsepower and 280 pounds
of foot torque this SUV gets twenty five
miles of the gallon highway let's take a
closer look at the exterior features as
you can see the 2011 Edge Sport offers
22 inch rims
it has a great kinetic look to it you
have LED parking heavy headlamps you
also have HID headlights
you've got blind spot indicators in each
mirror edge also offers a great system
called truck cross traffic alert so
you'll know when a car is passing by you
you also have a backup camera this is
great for parallel parking tailgate
opens up very easily right here you have
a no cap system you don't have to worry
about fun fiddling around with a gas cap
you just open it up fill your gas and
you're ready to go inside edge offers
some great features Ford integrated some
awesome features in the edge 2011 edge
you have the Sony's 12 speaker sound
system integrated with Ford mytouch this
is a great system you have voice-guided
directions you can sync your phone to
the vehicle you can stream Pandora radio
wirelessly over here you have controls
on your steering wheel for your volume
and to flip through your favorite
stations
you also have cruise control on the
steering wheel you have two to four inch
LCD screens which show you a bunch of
statistics you can thumb through them
just kind of like a cell phone here on
your directional keypad this vehicle
also sports heated leather memory seats
one more thing I want to mention about
the Ford my touch
you can actually give it voice command
so you could push a button and say set
the interior temperature to 60 degrees
and they'll automatically turn on the AC
for you
this vehicle is absolutely amazing it's
got a lot of features including this
particular one has Vista sunroof which
opens up here and goes all the way back
to the rear I also wanted to mention
something about the safety of this
vehicle it has what's called the safety
canopy system the airbags actually
deploy from the a-pillars all the way
back it stops the glass for coming into
the car whether it rolls over and you're
and got a bit of side impact come down
you got to check it out you're gonna
love it can I take you for a test drive
absolutely